Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Shut up.
- It's annoying everyone.
- I'm sorry...
You are the mother. make him shut up.
Come on. damn it. Shut up.
What a crazy idea to bring a baby
on the subway during rush hour.
Even for the kid. it's awful.
Yes. hello?
Finally. Where are you?
I'm going to my temporary assignment.
For what?
I am in the hospital.
For what ?
I am pregnant.
Hein ?
- Pardon.
- What ?
No. nothing.
I know we're no longer together.
What do you want to do?
You don't know. do you?
AT 10 AM HERE
You've never been clear
...that's what the doctor told me.
Are you listening to me?
- Yes.
SO ?
How are you ?
Yes... Which hospital?
I'm going to ask to be absent.
- Don't feel obligated.
- But no.
My decision is already made.
Your decision?
Is...
Wait. I can't hear you very well. Hello?
The signal is poor.
Hello ?
No network.
Hein ?
THE LOST MAN
U-TURN U-TURN U-TURN
What is this?
Damn.
Not that way.
Zero ?
It doesn't work.
Farm.
That has changed.
'Instructions' ?
'Beware of anomalies.'
In case of an anomaly...
If there are no anomalies...
Take exit number 8.
'Beware of anomalies.'
In case of an anomaly.
Turn around immediately.
If there are no anomalies.
Don't turn around.
Take exit number 8.
Beware of anomalies.
In case of an anomaly.
Turn around immediately.
If there are no anomalies.
Don't turn around.
Take exit number 8.
Any anomalies?
Was this blood an anomaly?
HALL CENTRAL
Excuse me. where is exit number 8?
What is an anomaly?
Anomalies...
What ?
'Beware of anomalies.'
The anomalies.
I need to find the anomalies.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Clerk.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
Well-paid position.
Etiquette on the subway.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door. Door.
Aeration.
Door.
And the back.
Good.
Lockers.
Blanket.
Photo booth.
It has increased.
SO...
What ?
Brothel.
Exit 8.
Dentist. Escher.
Clerk. Man.
Surgery...
An anomaly.
U-turn.
2 ?
It's gone up to 2.
Exit 8.
Dentist. Escher.
Clerk. Cosmetic surgery.
Man.
Well-paid position.
Etiquette on the subway.
Security camera. Fire hydrant.
Door. Door.
Aeration.
Door. Ventilation.
HALL CENTRAL
Alright.
Good. No anomalies.
3.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Man.
Clerk.
Cosmetic surgery.
Well-paid position.
Etiquette on the subway.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door.
Aeration.
Door. Ventilation.
Okay. no anomalies.
Hein ?
Where did he go?
Here it is.
Only four more to go.
Exit 8.
Dentist. Escher.
Clerk. Cosmetic surgery.
Man.
Well-paid position. Good manners.
In the subway. Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door.
Door.
Aeration.
Door. Ventilation.
Come on.
Lockers. One. two. three.
One two three..
Blanket. Cups. Photo booth.
Okay. no anomalies.
Super.
Only three more.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Clerk. Man.
GOOD.
Cosmetic surgery.
Well-paid position.
Etiquette on the subway.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door. Door. Ventilation...
An anomaly?
Door. Ventilation.
Hello ?
I finally managed to reach you. Where are you?
Where? Good question...
Still in the corridors.
On the subway?
I'm going in circles.
I can't find the exit.
Still just as bad at orientation.
I'll be there as soon as possible.
What is it?
Is...
...can't decide.
I can't do it.
What should I do?
I've also given it a lot of thought.
Yes ?
You know...
...on the subway...
...there was a crying baby.
A man was insulting the mother.
More...
No one defended her.
They were all glued to their screens.
And the baby wouldn't stop crying.
And yet...
...I pretended
of seeing nothing...
...and I left.
Like the others.
Someone like me...
...can he be a good father?
I want to get out of here.
I'm waiting for you.
I'm hurrying to find
the exit and to come.
I'm waiting for you.
It'll be OK.
An anomaly.
Zero ?
'In case of an anomaly.
Turn around immediately.
That's what I did.
So it's not an anomaly?
What ?
Are you lost?
Are you all alone?
Are you with someone?
That...
...he is no longer a man.
THE WALKER
Yes.
Yeah.
Okay. Let's go.
One.
Number eight. Ventilation.
Electrical room.
OK. Ventilation.
OK.
'Personal use only'. Sprinkler.
Fire hydrant. OK.
The posters.
One. two. three. four...
...five. six. seven. OK.
The lockers.
One. two. three. four. five
Waste. Photo booth.
Did you see anything?
Tell me.
Did you see something?
I can't guess if you don't say anything.
Sorry. Did I scare you?
One.
Yeah...
Super.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Yes.
Here we go.
Number eight.
Ventilation. Electrical room. OK.
The posters. Shall we count them together?
One. Two. Three.
Let me know if you see anything.
- Five.
- Say...
Are you lost?
Yes...
I can't get out.
If you don't mind.
Can I accompany you?
Absolutely.
This boy also seems to be lost.
Ah good ?
Where do you think we are?
Who knows?
You believe...
...that we are dead?
Are we in hell?
In purgatory?
It's a punishment
For our past actions?
Hell?
You have things
What do you have to reproach yourself for?
I have something to reproach myself for?
I'm kidding.
It's just an underground corridor.
Let's go.
Come on.
Is there something there?
There is always...
...someone who comes from there.
A man. Of a certain age.
Of a certain age?
A shady character.
How so ?
It seems he's not here
this time.
- More...
- Is this an anomaly?
Well... I...
Tell me.
Do you really want to go out?
Wouldn't you prefer to stay here?
Taking the crowded subway.
going to work...
Always the same routine.
That's it. hell. Heartbreaking.
Disappointing?
Taking the crowded subway.
going to work...
Always the same routine.
That's it. hell. Heartbreaking.
Taking the crowded subway...
...go to work.
Always the same routine.
That's it. the...
What's going on?
Hehe?
Are you doing well ?
Mademoiselle ?
How are you ?
What is it?
But anyway...
Disappointing.
Taking the crowded subway.
going to work...
Always the same routine.
That's it. hell. Heartbreaking.
What is this?
...go to work.
Always the same routine.
Not that way. An anomaly.
An anomaly.
One.
What was that?
Six.
Let's go.
Only two more.
Number eight.
Ventilation. Electrical room. OK.
The posters. One. two...
...three. four. five.
The monster.
Five. six. seven.
No anomalies. right?
That's good. isn't it?
If we make a mistake.
We'll never get out.
What is it?
Are you still scared?
It's okay. everything's fine.
It's okay. I'm telling you.
Okay. let's go.
Come on. let's go.
The lockers.
One. two. three. four...
Waste. Photo booth.
No anomalies. Good.
Why aren't you paying more attention?
Damn instructions.
Filth.
I'm in a hurry.
I was supposed to see my kid today.
For what ?
Sorry.
Here we go ?
OK... OK...
Let's go. Eight more to go.
Eight more to go.
The exit.
Yes. Finally.
I can go out.
But come on. finally.
One.
It's not my fault.
Not my fault.
An anomaly.
So it's not an anomaly?
What ?
Are you lost?
Are you all alone?
Are you with someone?
That...
...he is no longer a man.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door.
Aeration.
Door.
No anomalies.
Aren't you coming?
U-TURN U-TURN U-TURN
THE BOY
Aren't you coming?
Lockers.
One. two. three. One. two. three.
Blanket. Cups. Photo booth.
No anomalies.
Zero...
Let's start again.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Clerk.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
Well-paid position.
Etiquette on the subway.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door. Door.
Ventilation. Door.
Aeration.
Hold ?
It looks like things have changed.
An anomaly.
There is an anomaly.
Heh.
Damn it...
And here we go again.
Let's go.
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Clerk.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
Well-paid position.
Etiquette on the subway.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant.
Door. Door. Ventilation.
Door. Ventilation. Good.
No anomalies.
Come on. let's go.
An anomaly.
We turn around.
GOOD.
Exit...
What ?
My phone...
OK.
Three.
Huh? But that's...
- Mom ?
- Hein ?
I'm sorry. Mom.
What? Mom?
- Mom.
- Non.
- She's not your mother.
- Mom.
- Let go of me.
- Non.
You're mistaken.
Mom.
- We're turning around.
- Mom.
Mom.
Mom...
What do you want to do?
How are you ?
Have you lost your mother?
On purpose.
I did it on purpose...
...to lose myself.
For what ?
So that she'll look for me.
Oh yes ?
I did that too.
Are you afraid of your mom?
When she is angry.
Like all mothers. I think.
And your dad?
I've never seen him.
I see.
Me neither.
GOOD.
You need to find your mom.
I have to go home too.
Come on.
Here we go.
Exit 8.
Upside down.
In fact. it is reversed.
U-turn.
Three more.
Exit 8.
OK.
Dentist. Escher.
Clerk.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
Well-paid position.
Etiquette on the subway.
Tell me.
What do you want to do?
If we manage to get out?
- Eat a pizza.
- A pizza?
A pizza with lots of cheese.
That's great.
Me. I...
I'm not really sure anymore.
He is handsome.
For you.
To protect you.
Protect me?
Thank you.
Come on.
Two more.
Exit 8.
- OK.
Dentist. Escher.
- Clerk.
- Man.
OK.
Cosmetic surgery.
Well-paid position.
Etiquette on the subway.
Security camera.
- OK.
Fire hydrant. Door.
Come here.
He's going to get soaked.
That's for sure.
Board.
What do you want to do?
Hein ?
He's calling you.
Come on. cheer up. Dad.
Sometimes I have doubts.
Is it good...
...to see themselves like that?
Nobody knows
Which path is the right one?
But it'll be alright.
You will protect this child.
And one day. he will protect you too.
Mom.
What is it?
How handsome he is.
Keep it as a good luck charm.
To protect you. Dad.
You're squeezing me too tight.
Pardon.
Come on.
So. shall we play together?
Ready?
Attention. Run.
It'll be OK.
More than just a...
Exit 8.
Dentist.
Escher.
Clerk.
Man.
Cosmetic surgery.
Well-paid position.
Etiquette on the subway.
Security camera.
Fire hydrant. Door.
Door. Ventilation. Door.
Aeration.
Lockers. One. two. three...
Blanket. Cups. Photo booth.
No anomalies.
Let's go.
Hello.
Where are you?
Still in the hospital.
I'm on my way.
What do you want to do?
Well...
I'm coming.
Shut up.
- It's annoying everyone.
- I'm sorry...
You are the mother. make him shut up.
Come on. damn it. Shut up.
What a crazy idea to bring a baby
on the subway during rush hour.
Even for the kid. it's awful.
What's with that look?
Am I wrong?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today